hey guys
it was this one yeah but yeah and so you
know character costumes power-ups and
weapons
oh that's like DLC special and you know
weird thing yeah a little oh well isn't
that like wait a minute let's do this
good oh yeah that's too this weird Wow
doesn't fit well yeah I wonder how saga
yeah but there's no no it's actually one
two it's actually like numbers one and
two treat with some free version and the
origin so that's it the plastic out oh
my god two discs what this is it Wow
what no collection squares from Bowser
okay there's the cold air on this also
this is the Bowser for it doesn't come
with the game that's probably how you
get those ones oh so it was one and two
oh I get it
they're individual good oh now you get
that yeah what do you think I tell it
was like one disk and shoes II like a
lack of collection then we're just two
discs that's wow it was so short an easy
short yeah wait take out of this let's
see the box the box okay and there we
have all that's cool that's cold right
in here yes much of coal with light and
darkness and stuff being really bad
asthma which is better
Oh Lord I played us okay you will cause
more fun why but but the light one is
more like I'm gonna play the series and
I Garces I like a stronger Tom I think
that's it short unboxing sure it into
the point yes way if feed you the
flounder of your flounder and subscribe
do whatever you want for watching yeah